README ADABA

To compile de code we used:
1) Eclipse IDE version 4.10
2) Maven version 3.6.0
3) Java 1.8

In Eclipse access the option 'Run Configurations', choice Maven. Set the option 'goals' as 'clean install' into main project (adaba-final).
In sequence, you need to compile the modules 'aphid-slave' and 'commons' using the 'goals' 'assembly:assembly'.

The JAR will be available into Target folder generated by the compilation.

============================================================================================================================================
To execute the code will need to consider:
1) You need to generate the stub of the RMI, using the command rmic for the classes ufu.facom.lia.remote.MasterRemote (master module) and ufu.facom.lia.remote.SlaveRemote (slave module). Copy the stub files to the path you want.
2) The file configs.profile and change the paths  in such a file there is the properties required to run ADABA-Draugths. You probabilly will need to update such a file with your own directory paths.
3) You need the folder rmi-policy.

The folder 'run-adaba' available in this repository is configured to execute the project by means of the class GameOneMove. This class execute one move. However the project in this repository contains the full code to execute the matches.

Don't forget to update the file configs.properties with yours directory paths.

The commands to execute by prompt are:

SLAVE:
java -server -jar -Djava.rmi.server.hostname=127.0.0.1 -Djava.security.policy=file:/home/run-adaba/rmi-policy/security.policy -Djava.rmi.server.codebase=file:/home/run-adaba/stub-class/ aphid-slave.jar 1099

MASTER:
java -server -jar -Djava.rmi.server.hostname=127.0.0.1 -Djava.security.policy=file:/home/run-adaba/rmi-policy/security.policy -Djava.rmi.server.codebase=file:/home/run-adaba/stub-class/ commons.jar



